---
title: A Float
tags: poem
hidden: true
published: false
---

A boy with no job, no words, no rhymes,
Oblivious to the rhythym of commitment and time,
Sought truths about power and government, structures of lies,
The White Castle built upon backs of blood, tears, and cries.

In to his mind a new poison was creeping
That ruined his present, and honor, while sleeping,
Friends that had been friends, hearts shaking off winter,
Became traitors and scattered as bone does to a splinter.

Defining real value is an impossible task,
when fixed costs and constants is what the people do ask,
Labor a sham, the real strings are ideas,
but who masters the puppets in this sad cornocopeia?

Economies and structures of technicality, though stable,
Speak nothing of values, opportunity, with the air of a fable,
Clear morals and villainy, predation, and production,
Instead of economy, vices, obfuscating seeds of destruction.

A boy with his problems, the structure knows how to handle,
Menial work and child support with no questions nor answers,
The sound of laughter deceitful and vague,
To the ears of drama queen seeking popularity and fame.

The facade shatters violently in his muted sedation,
His nightmares a fever dream engulfed in predation,
The rules hidden and solemn in the veil of creation,
A myth timeless, unformed, a riddle of procreation.

Not a girlfriend but a wife? What a sick realization,
When he had sought only knowledge, arcane aviation,
Chemical sobriety, truth from beyond intoxication,
Addictions were everyhwere, so why was this asphyxiation?

A prisoner's dilemma reveals his misogynistic vice,
Born from self-development he'd abused to give his swagger the spice,
Because the words and the actions he wasn't used to receiving,
Fell on deaf ears poisoned by bad music and muted feelings.

A deep seated need to express spiritual technologies,
Given only to those aware of society's sacred mythologies,
A new-comer, an angel with her own sacred mission,
So arrousing his heart in the midst of his study of sedition.

Driven to mania from potential for kinship,
Sans knowledge of experience he would need to equip it,
Or the depths she would need to properly profess,
The nature of dual identity she'd only wanted to correct.

Instead the fates would have them woven together,
Every promise a boulder, honesties weightless as feathers,
The abandonment of friends did not speak for good character,
His fears and selfishness became suicidal narrators.

At last came a day when nothing was palatable,
A web of lies untracked, completely innavigable,
The phone to his hear to dial back his foul tongue,
In impropriety he hides to dress up confession.

The lies of acceptance were music to his ears,
In a dull place without the light that used to be his fears,
Stripped of his charge he relents to invisible masters,
In silence he waits for the simple sight of his bastard.

No hope for true love, or even a comforting lie,
The fear of his impending social suicide,
She's moved on, she's moved up from what he provides,
The irony that matriarchy possesses his pleas and his cries.

A day will come where gravity would have him,
Dig deeper in this grave, an unbreachable chasm,
The baby mama drama that he thought was an ultimate charge,
Becomes a reason to live only in tragic farce.

The anger and fury is unbargaining, unyielding,
To the desperation he had been willing to be fielding,
Instead he recoils from the horror of implicit bargains,
The weight of his debts taking tolls on his organs.

His anger would have him direct hatred at fathers,
Who have braved the same straights and perilous waters,
Appearance merely a lie used to communicate skill,
And laments the apparent emptiness of his till.


Pastas and cereal his only companions,
Until he meets some critetion for humble expansion,
The privelege of friends, the peril of marriage,
Seem less palatable than than constance of embarassment.

Tragedy and comedy make fools of us all,
Guide us out of life's summer and into cruel fall,
A transient life leaves him wishing for clarity,
But the stones of just judgment lead only to hilarity.

When the cruelest jokes gives way to shattering ice,
May be why so many young people find pleasure from vice,
The lack of a manual and the thrill of mere beauty,
Drive many a man to resent simple duty.

Thus ends the hope in the most horrific display,
Old structures and arcane power strip us of our say,
Begins a resentment better quenched with mere booze,
Than the irrational response of giving laughing ghosts their fair dues.

Drives children from adulthood, regressing into resentment,
Illiterate masses each finding contentment,
Running from subjectivities impossible to make equal,
Until the release of death brings us to our next sequel.

